[Music]
i think what's happened here is
i didn't personally attack anyone
but what it is with veganism is veganism
becomes a part of somebody's identity it
was a massive part of my identity
and my personal reasons
for no longer wanting to be vegan
shake that identity
[Music]
according to her post she's in a
relationship for three years her
boyfriend had been a vegan
and when they moved in together he asked
her to try out the diet
everything was okay at first but
apparently the author of the post says
she started getting cravings
for very specific meat products
is this real is this stuff real
sometimes i wonder if these reddit posts
aren't planted because they're too
perfect
[Music]
oh my god what are you doing here what
are you doing here
what is that this
is vegan i would watch matt stoney
videos and get so jealous so at least
twice a week i would sneak out of the
house and
say i'm just going to the supermarket or
running errands and then i go to
mcdonald's and eat a bunch of nuggets
or a big chicken i would then quickly go
to the grocery store and buy random
stuff so he didn't
think i was so you thought was really at
the supermarket
even if she explained herself he still
might not be cool with that he'd be like
yeah
hey what about the vegan thing you were
trying
now you're dreaming about these
mcnuggets over here
[Music]
it doesn't matter why she was sneaking
around the point is that she was lying
about it and keeping secrets from him so
of course he doesn't trust her anymore
and that's true as well
yeah maybe maybe there's a discussion to
be had
yeah so but obviously there will be no
chance for that discussion the story's
too perfect
and we don't we don't have a headline if
they don't actually break up so
uh yeah are you serious though
this isn't even vegan anymore
i'm done with it i'm done with you
controlling my life i don't want to be
confused this was a joint decision
at the time i was just trying to
aggressively
[Music]
[Applause]
well this is my restaurant and you're
making a mess and i don't really
appreciate it so you can either go and
take your food outside
all right people i'm pulling up here to
starbucks and i'm about to give the
workers a message
from the animals
hi how are you hey i just want to let
you know that
dairy is death and you should be ashamed
of yourself
check out james aspie on youtube he's a
hero
so from my experience three years in the
vegan community and i have been a
militant vegan actually went into it and
quit very quickly was absorbed into the
militant crowd i've
been where you are and
throughout the three-year period i've
always observed others within my
community because i truly believe that
it belongs to a community i don't
anymore
i don't even want to if there is a
community i don't want to be a part of
it
i don't want to be vegan there are
several types of people in this
community and one of the types of people
i've noticed
are people who have come into this
community and they're
recovering from some form of eating
disorder and i think what it allows them
to do
is restrict but have something
that other people are encouraging them
to restrict which is the worst thing i
believe you can do for someone with an
eating disorder
in the name of something which they
believe is bigger than themselves
and on top of that then you have a group
of vegans
who exploit those people make money from
those people and offer them
false promises they do this in the means
of like an ebook which they'll charge an
extortion
amount of money um promising them that
they'll recover from their eating
disorder because i did
it's like that's that is criminal and i
think these people
should answer for that crime there are
two types of people that have come
across this community the other type of
people are people who make
money from this community not by selling
people stuff
but by inadvertently causing trouble
um to get their name out there it
doesn't matter what they do or what's
being said about them don't give
they get the name out there they use
bigger youtubers i've done this
i was one of these people at the same
time there's a cognitive dissonance
because i believe i was doing
that and entertaining people but i also
believed in the actual cause itself
which we'll again
refer to we're going to talk about the
hypocrisy of veganism
they'll just say the most outlandish
things and so disrespectful to the
fellow human beings and fellow members
of their community
this one defined community that is not
it and the situation that these people
have created
is a position where you can raise more
money in one night
suing somebody right then you can in one
year
trying to build an animal sanctuary just
think about that
so you can make more money suing someone
in your community
then you can trying to do the very
thing that the community is ultimately
trying to achieve
okay as an outsider looking in
i can now say that your community is
vastly flawed there's too much ego
there's too many narcissists
there's criminals literal criminals
who've been over fraud
um there's bald people in china
there's um there's too much ego and they
can't actually
achieve the thing that you're trying to
achieve those are three types of people
there are others at the moment who have
come out they're either mentally ill
which is another type of person or it
seems
that so there are five types of people
the the fifth
are people who are actually mental
they have problems and again it ranges
in variety
extremes not extreme but they have
actual mental
problems when you have human
relationships you can do
good together look at what this
community has achieved
on youtube nothing
nothing i want to get on to the
hypocrisy
of veganism and what it stands for so
fundamentally it boils down to four
things animals
people planet health i'm not going to
drop any names of anyone in this respect
obviously i've
got a reference towards certain people
because some things are just totally
crazy like the criminals
the narcissists you know all the
business scammers whatever
i do not want to be a part of it and i
get a great sense of liberation
freedom and even happiness from saying
that
we were our life was
we were ruining our life lives and our
son's life
he's seven months old like it's
it's madness it's madness you need to
start
taking your community if you can call it
that if you want to call it that
seriously and really start to think
about yourself and your future and if
your life is being affected by this you
have the right
to take your life into your own hands
this cause
is only as powerful as the people who
believe in it